
RISK MANAGEMENT PLAN 

In the following paragraph the main risk associated with the project are presented and evaluated in terms of potential loss and damage. Furthermore, different strategies which have been devised in order to reduce the risk and damage are explained.

All the risk presented are identified as either Low, Medium or High from a probability standpoint, and categorized as negligible, marginal, critical or catastrophic with respect to the impact anticipated.

PROJECT RISKS

1. Staff Illness: this risk factor takes into account the eventuality in which one or more member of the team are incapacitated due to illness or injury. Although the probability is considered Low, due to the small size of the development team the impact of such risk is considered critical. The countermeasure devised to overcome the issue consists in both members being involved in virtually all the phases of the project and in making an effort to communicate effectively, so that the other member of the team may advance with the project alone for some time if need be.

2. Optimistic Schedule: this risk factor represents the possibility for the project shedule devised in the Project Plan to be overly optimistic. The probablity of this occurrance is Medium, as the experience of the team in project planning is rather low, but the size of the project is not overwhelming. The entity of the anticipated impact is marginal, since there are no deadlines which threat the feasiblity of the project, from the stakeholders' perspective. The strategy adopted to overcome this inconvenience consists of allocating some extra days in the project schedule, and reserving some the budget to look for "off the shelf" components which may speed-up the development process.

3. Goldplating: this risk factor represents the possibility of an irrealistic and ever-changing quality standard hindering the development process. The probability of this risk is considered Low, since the team is small and shares the same view on the matter, placing the timely delivery of the product among the top priorities. The associated impact is also marginal, for the same reasons stated for the Optimistic Schedule risk factor, since the resulting effect would ultimately be a delay in the project schedule. The countermeasure devised to avoid this risk is a prioritization of the development of all core functionalities before any improvement on any existing functionality or feature.

4. Wrong functionality: this risk factor accounts for the possibility for a functionality of the software product to be either useless or different from what the stakeholder wanted. The probability for this risk is considered low, since an accurate analysis of the requirements as been carried out, also involving the stakeholders in the process. Nevertheless, if this risk were to become a reality, the impact is to be considered Critical, since it may heavily affect either the quality of the resulting software product or its timely release. The strategy devised to prevent this risk involves actively meet the stakeholders to verify the fulfillment of the requirements at different stages of the development process.

5. Team Skills: this risk factor represents the possible lack of the necessary skills needed to develop the software from the development team. The probability of this event is Low, as the skills of the development team are well-known, considering the size of the team itself, and such skills are considered to be sufficient to deliver the software product. On the other hand, if the lack of skills from the developers were to manifest itself it would be difficult to face this issue, therefore the estimated impact is Critical. In order to overcome the issue, the estimation for the schedule takes into account the possibility that the team may nead to acquire the necessary skills as the project is being developed.

TECHNICAL RISKS

1. Defective / Lacking External Components: this risk factor takes into account the possibility that one or more external components do not provide the expected functionality either with sufficient quality or at all. The probability of this occurrance is considered low, since the services chosen are already widely adopted and successfull. The corresponding impact is considered marginal, since although these services can be easily substituted with similar ones from other providers, this change may result in some work on the corresponding interfaces of the software product. The strategy devised to avoid such risk consists of an accurate research to select the best possible services in the respective areas, and gain a clear understanding of the services offered, in order to make sure that the service selected fulfills the role correctly. In addition, during the development of the interfaces a lot of priority has to be placed into making sure that they are general enough to allow a smooth transition to another similar service.

2. Real Time Performance Shortfalls: this risk factor represents the possibility of the software suffering from performance shortfalls. The probability of this event is considered Low, since the expected number of concurrent user has been estimated and the architecture selected, both from an hardware and a software perspective, is robust in this respect. The estimated impact of this event is Marginal, as it may reepresent an issue which discourages the users from making use of the service, but is not seen as a critical issue, as it is relatively easily addressable. In fact in case of performance shortfalls additional hardware may be bought to relieve some of the burden on the existing machines.

3. Technology Issues: this risk factor takes into account the possibility that the changes in technology standards may represent an issue for the software product. The probability of this occurrance is considered Low, since the main development framework is very stable, and even though the standards and technologies for the different smartphone operative systems can be subject to rapid changes, they are often retrocompatible. The impact of this risk is marginal, since in most cases a few adjustments should solve the issue at hand.

4. Loss Of Source Code: this risk factor accounts for the possibility that the source code of the project may be lost, all or in part. The possibility of this occurrance is Low, as proper version control software is being used, as well as relatively frequent backups. Although improbable, the estimated impact of this risk is Catastrophic, as it may result in either a massive delay in the project schedule, or the cancellation of the project.

BUISNESS RISKS

1. Low Budget Estimate: this risk factor accounts for the possibility of an error in the estimated budget for the project. Since the costs for the cars and the power grid stations are known in advance, as well as the cost of the hardware to buy, the probability of this occurrance is considered Low. Depending on the entity of the error however, the corresponding impact can be considerable, therefore the risk is categorized as Marginal in this respect. The preventive measures taken are a worst-case-scenario estimate of the budget, and the presence of a margin on top of the estimate, used to account for a potential error.

2. Requirements Volatility: this risk factor represent the possibility for the requirement of the software product to change over time, either for a change in the environment in which it operates or a change in the need of the stakeholders. The probability of this occurrance is considered High, since the requirements for a software product of this kind are expected to change often, either for the presence of competitors or changes in the external software components which interact with the system. On the other hand the impact of this risk is considered Low, as it is a rather expected event which does not impact the availability of the service in most cases. The countermeasures in place to reduce the impact of this risk include a flexible software architecture and a high degree of decoupling among component, which makes the removal or addition of functionalities easier and less costly.

3. Organizational Financial Problems: this risk factor accounts for possible difficulties in obtaining the pre-planned budget due to financial problems within the organization. This risk factor's probsbility is considered Medium, as the organization seems committed in providing the adequate founding, but the overall cost of the project is not negligible. With respect to the associaled risk this occurrance is considered Catastrophic, as it may very well mean the cancellation of the project altogether.

4. Market Risk: this risk factor represent the eventuality in which the PowerEnJoy service does not find the expected success on the market. This possiility is estimated to be Low, since the appropriate research has been conducted by the stakholders in advance. On the other and, the impact in case this risk were to become a reality is considered Critical, as it would mean a failure in the very purpose of the project, which is to provide a useful and meaningful service to the customer. 

5. Legislation Changes: this risk factor represents the possibility for legislation changes to limit or prevent the use of the service provided by the project. Considering that a car sharing service is overall beneficial to a city, especially consideing that the use of electric cars futher reduces the overall emissions being prouced in said city, there is no forseeable reason for which specific legislation should be issued in the direction of impairing or banning the service provided by the project, therefore the estimated probability is Low. Depending on the content of the legislation in question however the effect may very well be cnsidered Critical. The main preventive measure which has been taken is an extensive research from the company requesting  the software product in order to make sure that the service does not go against any law or regulation.