SELECTED TOOLS

OPERATING SYSTEMS

SUSE Linux Enterprise 10: is the operating system running on the server machines

Microsoft Windows Embedded Automotive: is the operating system that the provided cars come with

Windows, iOS and Android are identified as the operating systems for which the mobile application will be developed

APPLICATION SERVER

Payara: is an open-source application server derived from Glassfish, and although it's not Java EE certified it is effectively Java EE 7 compliant and offers far more stable patch releases, security fixes, production support and developer support. It also has a very responsive community.

DATABASE

MySQL: among all the available DBMSs, MySQL stands out for its scalability and flexibility, which also comes along with good performnces and availability. In addition it is open source, just like Payara, and can run on multiple platforms. All these reasons contribute to make MySQL our DBMS of choice.

FRAMEWORKS

J2EE: is a solid framework which will be used to ease the development of the application logic and the presentation layer for both the website and the apps on the server side.

Windows Automotive Application Framework: is chosen as a native framework that our windows developers are familiar with.

COMMUNICATION

On the server side JMS is used as the messaging API, and the messages are exchanged in a text-based XML format via SOAP Transport Protocol.
On the client side Kaazing WebSocket Gateway APIs are used to support JMS messaging

IDES

The selected IDEs are NetBeans for the development of the server-side application, VisualStudio for the development of the software running on the cars, and AndroidStudio, XCode and VisualStudio are the integrated environments selected to develop for Android, iOS and Windows respectively.


------------- 

Since our system architecture is, as explained before, a three-tier architecture we need a suite of software for each of them.

Starting from the business logic tier, we chose as application server Apache Tomcat. Despite Tomcat doesn’t offer all of the services of a commercial JEE Application Server, it includes the most commonly used services and it supports “plug-ins” and “add-ons” to enable enhancing Tomcat with specific services that can be needed.

On the data layer, we chose MySQL. It is a free and open-source and multi-platform database management system. MySQL is one of the most spread DBMS, developed by Oracle. It is scalable and flexible with high performance and availability.

Regarding the presentation layer, to develop the frontend website we chose Java Enterprise Edition, although the website is pretty simple and used mainly to inform people about PowerEnJoy services. To develop the software for the cars, since they run Microsoft Windows Embedded Automotive, we adopt the Windows Automotive Application Framework and Visual Studio as IDE. On the mobile phone, we are interested in developing a native application for Android, Apple, and Windows platform. Google (better to say Alphabet), Apple, and Microsoft provide the properly IDE to develop for their platforms (Android, iOS, Windows Phone), that are Android Studio, XCode, and Visual Studio, respectively.