                  USE CASES CHARTS
 NAME : Register

PARTICIPATING ACTORS:       
	Non logged person : someone who is not logged in the system

ENTRY CONDITION
 
The person downloads the app, starts it and clicks on  "Sign up".

FLOW OF EVENTS:

1. A new screen appears containing a number of blank required fields and a "Continue" button.
2. The non-registered person fills the required fields with his/her personal data which include: a valid e-mail address which is not already present in the system's database, a valid telephone number, the non-registered person's full name, gender, "Comune" , "Provincia" and date of birth, his/her "Codice Fiscale",  his/her  driving license data, his/her identity card number, release date and expiration date.
3. The non registered person clicks the "Continue" button.
4. A new screen appears containing three required fields to fill: the credit card circuit (Visa, MasterCard, American Express...), the credit card number and the credit card's Card Verification Value (CVV) as well as a tick-box for the "Terms of Service" agreement and a "Register" button, both inactive.
5. The non-registered person fills the required fields with the data of a valid credit card.
6. The system sends a verification request to the external payment service for the credit card information.
7.  The the external payment service  confirms to the system the validity of the data and the tick-box and "Register" button become active.
8. The non-registered person clicks on the "Register" button.
9.  A screen appears with the following sentence: "Registration successful! Please check your e-mail, we sent you the password to access your account" and also a "Didn't receive the e-mail? Try again!" link.\

EXIT CONDITION

The use case terminates when the e-mail  sent from the system is received by the non-registered person\

EXCEPTIONS
- System/connection failure: if either the system ceases to function or the connection with the person's phone is lost at any time between step 2 and 8 before step 8 is completed, the procedure needs to be performed again from the entry condition. If the connection is lost after step 8 is completed and the user does not receive the e-mail nor is able to request another e-mail to be sent, the user will need to initiate the
Retrieving Password use case.

-Invalid data: if the non-registered person is not able to provide valid data to fill any of the required fields, the procedure cannot be carried out any further, and the non-registered person can only stop the procedure by exiting the app.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS

- The non-registered person's phone is required to be connected to the internet either via wi-fi or 3G (or similar) connection.
- The system's server needs to be operational and responsive enough to allow the procedure to be carried out in a reasonable amount of time.