		USE CASES CHARTS

NAME : Reserve a car from user position

PARTICIPATING ACTORS
    User : a person who is logged in the system 

ENTRY CONDITION
The user opens the PowerEnJoy app on his/her smartphone and taps on the "Reserve a car" option.

FLOW OF EVENTS
1. A new screen appears containing:
  • two mutually exclusive checkboxes used to decide whether the user wants to search for a car from his/her current position or from a specific address
  • a blank text box used to specify the desired range of the search 
  • a drop-down list containing the unit of measurement (m or km)
  • a “Submit” button
2. The user inserts the range in which he/she wants to find a car.
3. The user selects the desired unit of measurement (km is preselected) 
4. The user selects the "From current Position" checkbox.
5. The user taps the "Submit" button.
6. The application displays a Google provided map with the found cars
7. The user taps on the dot representing the car he/she wants to reserve.
8. A pop-up appears asking the user whether he/she wants to confirm the reservation.
9. The user taps on the "Yes" button.
10. The app confirms to the user that the car has been reserved correctly by displaying the following sentence: “Reservation successfull!!”.

EXIT CONDITION
A notification from the app tells the user that the car has been reserved.

EXCEPTIONS
- System/connection failure: if either the system ceases to function or the connection with the user's phone is lost at any time between step 2 and 9 before step 9 is completed, the procedure needs to be performed again from the entry condition.

-Invalid data: in the text box in the first screen the user can insert only a positive integer number. If the user inserts something else, the button “submit” becomes inactive.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS

- The user’s phone is required to be connected to the internet 
either via wi-fi or 3G (or similar) connection.
- The user’s phone needs an activated GPS connection.
- The system's server needs to be operational and responsive enough to allow the procedure to be carried out in a reasonable amount of time.

