USE CASES CHARTS

NAME: 

PARTICIPATING ACTORS
	Employee : a person hired by the company

ENTRY CONDITION
Two employees are informed that there is a car that needs to be retrieved.

FLOW OF EVENTS
1. the employees open special application (adminPowerEnJoy) provided by the company
2. the employees tap on the “Cars to retrieve” button in the new screen appeared
3. the employees accepts the assignment tapping the "Accept" button
4. the employees head to a company car to reach the non-safe parked car
5. one employee sets the navigator to reach the destination
6. arrived at the car one of the two employee (E1 from now on) exits from the car
7. E1 opens adminPowerEnJoy app
8. E1 taps on the “Cars to retrieve” button
9. E1 taps on “Unlock the car” button to unlock the car that needs to be retrieved
10. E1 enters and ignites the car
11. the two employees comes back to the nearest safe area
12. arrived at the nearest safe area E1 parks and exits the car

EXIT CONDITION
E1 in the “Cars to retrieve” section in the adminPowerEnJoy app and taps on “Retrieved car”. The car becomes now available again and the two employees return to the company.


EXCEPTIONS

- System/connection failure: if either the system ceases to function or the connection with the non-registered person's phone is lost at any time between step 2 and 8 before step 8 is completed, the procedure needs to be performed again from the entry condition. If the connection is lost after step 8 is completed and the user does not receive the e-mail nor is able to request another e-mail to be sent, the user will need to initiate the
Retrieving Password use case.

-Invalid data: if the non-registered person is not able to provide valid data to fill any of the required fields, the procedure cannot be carried out any further, and the non-registered person can only stop the procedure by exiting the app.


SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS

- The non-registered person's phone is required to be connected to the internet either via wi-fi or 3G (or similar) connection.
- The system's server needs to be operational and responsive enough to allow the procedure to be carried out in a reasonable amount of time.
- The user°Øs phone needs an activated GPS connection.